(Ai)
Previously on
Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS...
(Kolter)
Mirror Link Vrains is merging
with the original!
(gasping)
(grunting)
(grunts)
What is that?
(groans)
A barrier?
(gasps)
(Lightning)
Greetings, Spectre,
and all of those tuning in.
It's Lightning!
I take it you plan to duel
each of us separately?
Precisely.
And I chose you to
be first, my friend.
I see.
Well, then-
Let's duel! Let's duel!
I pay 800 life points...
(timer beeping)
to activate the spell
SUNVINE PLUNDER!
It allows me to take control
of your spell card...
meaning JUDGMENT ARROWS
is mine!
What?
What I don't own,
I'll just simply steal from you.
I now Link Summon!
Link 1 SUNAVALON DRYAS!
(computer chirping)
(grunts)
Spectre stole control
of the duel with his DRYAS!
True, but there's still
a lot of duel left.
The outcome is far from decided.
(electronic whirring)
(Pigeon)
What a duel, Boss!
I thought Lightning took
an insurmountable lead,
but Spectre just
surmounted it!
Yeah, cuz here's a fun fact:
Most folks say
Spectr
e's got better
dueling skills than Varis!
That's neither fun
nor a fact Boss.
(grunts)
Wise guy.
(computer chirping)
I may have underestimated you,
my friend.
You succeeded in
stopping my strategy
of stopping your strategy.
Indeed, I did,
and I can't say
it was difficult.
You see, us humans
have a gut instinct
to sense trouble
while you Ignis don't
even have a gut.
Nor the guts to pull off
a maneuver like mine.
(grunts)
We shall see.
It's my turn.
I draw.
Due to PILUS PRIOR's ability,
I can add the three cards
I banished on my previous
turn to my hand.
By restocking his hand,
Lightning's got
a buncha new options.
But since Spectre stole
his JUDGMENT ARROWS,
those options are limited.
(Ai)
Yeah, that's true.
But if anyone can make
the most out of a bad situation,
it'd be-
well, me first,
but a close second
would be Lightning.
I activate the spell card,
ARMATOS REPLACEMENT!
Bytributingan ARMATOS LEGIO,
I can summon
a different ARMATOS LEGIO
from my graveyard
that has equal or fewer
Link Arrows.
So I tribute Link 2
ARMATOS LEGIO PILUS PRIOR
to resurrect
Link 2 ARMATOS
LEGIO CENTURION.
(grunts)
(computer chirping)
And that triggers
ARMATOS COLOSSEUM's effect.
I can discard a Level 4
or lower ARMATOS LEGIO
from my hand
to revive even more
ARMATOS LEGIOS
from my graveyard.
In essence,
I exchange my GALEA
for SCUTUM and SICA!
(computer chirping)
And that allows me
to illuminate my circuit!
The summoning conditions require
at least two
ARMATOS LEGIO monsters.
(shooting)
I Link Summon!
Link 3 ARMATOS
LEGIO LEGATUS LEGIONIS!
(grunting)
(computer chirping)
Now I'll use
LEGATUS LEGIONIS's
special ability
to strengthen
my battle formation
by exchanging an ARMATOS LEGIO
on my field
with a different one
in my graveyard.
GALEA, replace SCUTUM
and take your place
next to LEGATUS LEGIONIS's link.
(computer chirping)
With that, I end my turn.
So he replaced this with that
and moved that to this so
that that did this to that.
Got that?
If you're trying to say that
Lightning is setting up
for something big,
you couldn't be more clear.
All that but not
a single attack?
(scoffs)
Do
n't expect the same from me!
I summon SUNSEED TWIN!
(computer chirping)
Then I'll activate its ability!
SUNSEED TWIN can resummon
a Plant-Type monster
from my graveyard.
Rebloom, SUNSEED GENIUS LOCI!
(computer chirping)
And with that,
I can now manifest my circuit.
The summoning conditions are
at least two Plant
type monsters,
one of which is a Link Monster.
I Link Summon!
Link 3 SUNAVALON MELIAS!
(computer chirping)
And when I summon...
MELIAS...
Its special ability activates,
regrowing one Plant monster
from my graveyard
in defense mode!
Once again
I present GENIUS LOCI!
(computer chirping)
No.
Oh, yes!
And next, allow me
to hit the repeat button.
I Link Summon a second MELIAS!
(computer chirping)
And just like earlier...
MELIAS regrows my GENIUS LOCI.
That means like
a loop within a loop,
I can Link Summon again.
But I think I'll summon
a different monster this time.
Watch as I Link Summon...
Link 1 SUNVINE THRASHER!
(computer chirping)
When I summon my THRASHER
next to SUNAVALON MELIAS,
it gains 800 attack points
from each of MELIAS's links.
Since MELIAS is Link 3,
my THRASHER gains
(timer beeping)
2400 attack points!
And what's more,
if THRASHER attacks,
JUDGMENT ARROWS
will double its attack points.
This is adding up to
a significant amount of damage.
In that case,
I activate LEGATUS
LEGIONIS's ability
to exchange ARMATOS LEGIO GALEA
with ARMATOS LEGIO SCUTUM.
(computer chirping)
How does that help?
Ha!
It doesn't.
Especially when I activate
MELIAS's second ability.
My THRASHER can attack
for every SUNAVALON
Link Monster
on the field.
So my THRASHER
can attack three times.
(grunts)
That's nuts!
6400 attack points
and three attacks is-?
Is what ya need,
if ya wanna turn the lights
out on Lightning!
Time to battle!
SUNVINE THRASHER,
attack LEGATUS LEGIONIS!
Time to battle!
SUNVINE THRASHER,
attack LEGATUS LEGIONIS!
I don't think so.
My CENTURION's special ability
can negate your attack
once per turn.
(roars)
Fine.
Then I'll just attack again!
SUNVINE THRASHER,
strike LEGATUS LEGIONIS!
And JUDGMENT ARROWS
will double its attack points
to 6400!
(timer beeping)
That's enough damage
to end the duel.
And end the war.
So whattaya say we logout
and hit the park
and feed some squirrels?
It
's not over yet.
By sending GALEA
to the graveyard,
its special ability activates.
When LEGATUS LEGIONIS battles,
the damage I take
is dropped to 0.
In addition, my SCUTUM
has its own ability.
When it's linked
to LEGATUS LEGIONIS,
my armored knight
can't be destroyed in battle
once per turn.
(timer beeping)
Aww!
That means
no squirrels time?
But I still have
a third and final attack!
(timer beeping)
Yes.
But due to GALEA,
I take no damage.
But LEGATUS LEGIONIS
will be destroyed.
(roaring)
That was tougher than it looked.
Yes, but the effort
was worth it.
When my SUNVINE THRASHER
destroys your monster in battle,
I get to take control of it
and summon it next
to my SUNAVALON's link!
So in other words...
your monster will now
be fighting for me!
(roars)
(computer chirping)
LEGATUS LEGIONIS,
attack and destroy
that CENTURION!
(horse neighing)
(grunts)
(timer beeping)
That's the last of my attacks.
But not the last of my moves
since I was reminded
of a trick from you,
one which I'll now implement
by activating my spell
SUNVINE CROSS BREED.
By tributing
a Link Monster on my field,
I can resummon
a Plant-Type monster
from my graveyard.
So I tribute my
SUNVINE THRASHER!
And regrow this!
SUNAVALON DAPHNE!
(computer chirping)
I'll follow that up...
by activating SUNVINE SHRINE!
It lets me summon another
Plant from my graveyard
to join my arboreal assortment.
SUNSEED GENIUS LOCI!
(laughing maniacally)
And this is where my genius
comes to fruit!
(laughs)
With one final Link Summon!
I see now.
See what?
Cuz he made it sound scary!
Now take to the field...
SUNVINE THRASHER!
(computer chirping)
(Playmaker)
Spectre controls
both Extra Monster Zones.
(laughing)
Huh?
(Spectre)
I've created an Extra Link!
Just like the Ignis did.
But now the tables
are turned.
Since I once again summoned
SUNVINE THRASHER
next to SUNAVALON MELIAS,
it gains 800 attack points
from each of MELIAS's links.
(timer beeping)
I finally did it, Master Varis.
I finally accomplished
what you did
in your duel against Playmaker.
I created the Extra Link!
The Extra Link is the height
of summoning perfection!
Proof that I have mastered
the craft of dueling...
or so I thought until you...
you Ignis...
You accomplished
the same feat as well.
Therefore, I must go further
and perfect perfection...
by going and creating
the ultimate
Extra Link!
Hmm?
To do that, I'll start
by activating
SUNSEED SHADOW's
special ability!
By banishing this card
from my graveyard,
I can target a Plant
monster on my field
that's currently Extra Linked,
such as my SUNAVALON DAPHNE.
And by doing so,
I can summon a second copy
of SUNAVALON DAPHNE
from my deck
and co-link it
with the rest of my monsters
to make an even bigger
Extra Link!
An Extra Link so large
that it ties seven
monsters together!
(rumbling)
(gasps)
How very impressive, Spectre.
You've accomplished
what even I couldn
't do.
(computer chirping)
The ultimate Extra Link
that connects
every single monster space
on your side of the field.
That ain't polite...
cuz that's a whole lot of arrows
doin' a whole lot of pointin'.
With my perfect field,
I shall manifest
my perfect monster!
The summoning conditions require
at least two Plants!
(laughing)
I Link Summon!
Link 3 SUNAVALON DRYANOME!
(computer chirping)
Your demise Light Ignis
has taken root!
(Spectre)
As my field flourishes,
your odds of victory
dim, Light Ignis.
For one thing,
your monsters
aren't allowed to attack
my SUNAVALON DRYANOME.
Yes, I know.
I also know that thrice
per turn,
if I damage your life points,
your DRYANOME can summon
a SUNVINE Link Monster
from your Extra Deck
to regain those life points.
I did say that I did
my research on you,
my friend.
Oh, that
's right.
Then you're also aware
that if you attack a monster
next to DRYANOME's link,
I can move that monster
to a different location
on my field
to negate that attack.
And here's one last move
to strengthen my team!
I banish SUNSEED TWIN
from my graveyard...
and LEGATUS LEGIONIS
from my field
to resummon SUNVINE THRASHER!
(computer chirping)
And its special ability
increases its attack points!
(timer beeping)
That's one ferocious forest.
Yeah!
If he keeps this going,
Lightning's zapped!
Hey, that should be
the headline!
(scoffs)
For a duelist
I deemed the weakest
in this mirror world,
you're not half bad.
How nice of you.
But a backhanded compliment
is still a compliment.
Though it does hurt
that you rank me
below a frog and a pigeon.
Well, I've never seen them duel,
so logically,
they may possess
greater skills than you.
Then please allow me
to judge you
by the same criteria.
You said that you prefer
to defeat
the weakest duelists first.
So isn't it logical to assume
that i
t's because
you lack the skills
to defeat the best duelists?
Hmm?
No,
that is not logical to assume!
Do not think
you're better than me!
The Ignis are inferior
to no human!
Whoa!
I've never seen Lightning
lose his cool before.
Now calm down.
We're only having a delightful
conversation, my friend.
I am calm.
And I am not your friend.
And I am here to duel,
not to have
a delightful conversation.
Well then,
why don't you go ahead
and make your move.
Oh, I will!
I draw!
You are not more intelligent
than me!
In fact, did you actually think
that you stole
JUDGMENT ARROWS
from under my nose?
Wrong.
I let you have it!
Oh, my-
judging by the look
on your face,
you didn't know that.
It was all a set up
to unleash my end game-
starting with this spell card!
JUDGMENT SWORD!
When you have Link Monsters
in the Extra Monster Zone
while I do not...
I can banish one of
those Link Monsters
to summon an ARMATOS LEGIO
with the same number of links.
You can say your Extra Link
is actually helping me now.
(gasps)
Afterwards, I resummon your
banished monster
to your Main Monster Zone.
Now here I go.
I banish your
SUNAVALON DRYANOME!
(Lightning laughing)
I may not be able
to attack your tree
with a monster,
but nothing says I could
n't
use a spell against it.
(grunts)
This doesn't change a thing!
I still have plenty of monsters
remaining on my field
to protect me!
Indeed, you do.
But I now get a monster too.
ARMATOS LEGIO TRIBUNUS MILITUM!
(computer chirping)
And your DRYANOOME
is resummoned
to your Main Monster Zone.
(computer chirping)
Next, I activate
ARMATOS COLOSSEUM's effect!
I discard an ARMATOS LEGIO
from my hand to summon
SPECULATA, GLADIUS and SICA
next to TRIBUNUS MILITUM's links
in defense mode.
(computer chirping)
But they won't remain
on my field for long
because I'm using
them and SCUTUM
to illuminate my circuit!
Bear witness to the commander
who leads the might
of the military!
I Link Summon!
Link 4
ARMATOS LEGIO MAGNUS DUX!
(computer chirping)
(Lightning)
I Link Summon!
Link 4
ARMATOS LEGIO MAGNUS DUX!
(computer chirping)
Is that an armored elephant?
What it is Ai,
is trouble for Spectre.
(Lightning)
For every monster
it's co-linked to,
MAGNUS DUX's special ability
returns a card on the field
or in the graveyard
to the owner's hand.
And there's one particular spell
I have my eye on.
JUDGMENT ARROWS.
Aww, glitch!
Lightning's gonna steal back
what Spectre stole!
Na-ah-ah.
You're not allowed
to target my JUDGMENT ARROWS
due to SUNVINE PLUNDER's effect.
And what you can't target,
you can't steal back.
That would be true-
if I didn't have
my TRIBUNUS MILITUM.
When it's linked
to a Link Monster,
I can negate a card
on the field
for every link
that that Link Monster has.
Now if the multiple use
of the word "link"
confuses you,
allow me to clear it up for you.
This monster is
linked to MAGNUS DUX.
And MAGNUS DUX
has four Link Arrows.
Therefore,
I can negate four cards:
SUNVINE SHRINE, PLUNDER,
CROSS BREED
and SUNAVALON DRYANOME!
(grunts)
(Lightning)
Frustrated?
Yes, I would be too
if I was in your position.
Because now that that I negated
SUNVINE PLUNDER's effect,
MAGNUS DUX can target your
-make that my-
JUDGMENT ARROWS!
Now that JUDGMENT ARROWS
is back in my hand,
it sets off a chain
of cataclysmic events
on your field.
Did you not for a single moment
consider how easy it was
to take my JUDGMENT ARROWS?
Your arrogance is going
to cost you everything!
When JUDGMENT ARROWS
leaves your Spell and Trap Zone,
all monsters that were next
to its links
are destroyed!
(grunts)
This can't be happening!
Oh, it is, my friend.
And when your THRASHERS
are not next
to a SUNAVALON's link,
they're also destroyed.
This is a disaster.
Spectre's monsters are almost
totally wiped out!
Now I'll play
what's rightfully mine!
The Link Spell JUDGMENT ARROWS!
Any last words?
I didn't think so.
MAGNUS DUX,
attack SUNAVALON DRYANOME!
And JUDGMENT ARROWS's effect
doubles MAGNUS DUX's
attack points!
(timer beeping)
(gasps)
(blasting)
(groaning)
(timer beeping)
(gasps)
Spectre!
(groans)
I may have failed...
B-But Varis...
He'll stop you.
No, he won't.
He'll end up the same as you:
gone.
Wait.
Let's hold on to his data.
Because even the weak
have their uses.
That's over.
Or not!
(Windy laughing)
Well done, well done!
One down and so many
delightful prey to go.
So,
who shall I hunt down
and dissect and desiccate
and eradicate?
How about...
you.
(electronic whirring)